# AI Machine Learning Model with integration into web page

The code in this repository has been generated by GPT-3 AI, an artificial intelligence system developed by OpenAI. GPT-3 AI is capable of producing code that is accurate and functional, but it is not perfect. To ensure that the code in this repository functions more precisely to the desired goal, it has been edited by a human programmer to make it more efficient and error-free.

**This was the initial prompt:**

Create a HTML page. Give this page a header that says "Diagnosis AI". In this HTML page create a JavaScript script. There should be an element with a multi line text input text area that should be called input. Stored in the page there should be a large list of common medical issues and their symptoms. These symptoms should be one word. There should be a button on the page. There should be an event listener on this button. The text area should be empty and allow for the input of user text.  There should be a read only text area called console. The console text area should print each line of text inputted on a new line. When the button is pressed it should compare the text in the textarea called input to the list of medical issues. It must be able to identify the symptom words in text inputted even if other text is inputted with it. When a piece of text inputted matches one of the symptoms it should output the name of the medical issue to the text area called console.  The medical issues must have a rating given to them as a number between 1 and 3 called the "urgency". When the medical issue is printed in the console it must be printed along with its urgency. The text boxes must be centred on the screen.  If  the user input does not match any of the medical issues it should print a message to the console saying "No medical issue found". There should be a button that clears the console text area. When checking the text input it should ignore any capitalisation.